# Mall-Customer-Segmentation-with-K_Means_K_Prototype
I used Customer dataset which was downloaded from Kaggle. This dataset has 200 entries, 5 columns which is named "CustomerID", "Gender", "Age", "Annual Income", "Spending Score". There is no any missing value. I tried to determine the customer segmentation on this dataset.   I used K-Means and K-Prototypes clustering algorithms to reach this aim. K-Means can be used just with numeric value, however K-Prototype algorithm can be used with numeric and categorical data. So, I applied to two different algorithms on this data.  As a result, I cannot reach any detail segmentation with K-Means. I just say that there are 5 group which have different qualities about the spending score and annual income.  Group 1 is that they have low income and low spending score.  Group 2 is that they low income and high spending score.  Group 3 is medium income and medium spending score.  Group 4 is high income but low spending score.  Group 5 is high income and high annual income too.  However, we don't have any idea about the customer's age and gender so, this situation prevents us to identify our customers. To solve this problem I use K-Prototype algortihm.  As a result of the K-Prototype algorithm analysis, I found 5 clusters again. But this time I have more information about the clusters characteristics. Here is qualities of the clusters:  Cluster 0 is age between 36-50, Female, Annual Income high, Spending Score low  Cluster 1 is age between 36-50, Male, Annual Income high, Spending Score low  Cluster 2 is age between 17-35, Female, Annual Income high, Spending Score high  Cluster 3 is age between 17-35, Male, Annual Income high, Spending Score high  Cluster 4 is age between 51-70, Male, Annual Income low, Spending Score low  Based on these insights we can map out a marketing strategy to target each cluster and increase the profits.
